#labels Featured
#Change log of UliPad releases

Current lastest version is 3.8.1

= 4.1 Version 2011/11/06 =

It's mainly bug vix version.

 # Upgrade winpdb version to 1.4.8
 # Improve Edit->Format->Wrap Text functionality to suit for reStructuredText wrap
 # Made memo file configurable thanks to Helio Perroni Filho
 # Add Bash support thanks to Helio Perroni Filho
 # Add some useful methods to support scripts files. Such as emptytab, newtab, etc. thanks to Helio Perroni Filho
 # Add Lua support thanks to zhangchunlin
 # Improve python file detect according to #! /usr/bin/env python thanks to zhangchunlin
 # Add default color theme support, you can set it in Preference
 # Add Create Python Package menu in context menu of Directory Browser Window
 # Improve web2py plugin
 # Improve regex window, and when you set Unicode flag, it'll automatically convert \uXXXX to unichr
 # Fix strip tailing spaces bug

= 4.0 Version 2008/04/24 =

 # Add config menu, and add toggle input assistant menu item
 # Fix refresh directory bug
 # Add wrap text feature
 # Add copy filename to clipboard menu on document area tab context menu
 # When add path, it'll automatically pop up project setting dialog
 # Add slice syntax support
 # Can remember the last new file type
 # Improve preference dialog input assistant checkbox process.
 # Add line ending mixture check when saving file feature
 # Add search text count
 # Add web2py plugin
 # Improve ReST document render, and fix the setfocus lost bug when auto modified the html output, thanks a lot to ygao
 # Add auto detect python interpreter in windows platform
 # Fix script filename cannot be unicode(chinese) bug
 # Add icon set theme support.
 # Change DDE to asyncore and asynchat framework
 # Add new snippet
 # add php.acp thanks for 魏振 <etggy@163.com>
 # Add Canvas Test plugin, you can directly test DC api

= 3.9 Version 2007/12/12 =

 # Fix webopen twice open bug

= 3.8.1 Version 2007/12/12 =

It's a bug fix version:

 # Remove profile invoke(big mistake)
 # Fix svn plugin checkout bug

= 3.8 Version 2007/12/06 =

New Features and Changes:

 # Add mako template syntax highlight support
 # Add new option in preference, `[Python]`->`Automatically save modified file when running python program`, if it's checked, it'll automatically save the modified file.
 # Add Shift+Delete => Cut, Shift+Insert => Paste
 # Upgrade winpdb to lastest version
 # Now you can set pythonpath option in `config.ini/[default]`, and ulipad will insert it into the sys.path. pythonpath can be a string or a string list of directory.
 # Svn support, you should install pysvn first, and also support proxy.
 # Change long line indicator default is true.
 # Add doctest support, you can run the doctest of current document in `UliPad`
 # Add time stamp info in debug and error file
 # Replace the shell window popup menu, and add `Copy Without Prompts` and `Paste and Run` menu items. And if the result cann't be convert to unicode, then display the result as repr().
 # Script Manager can find menu name from the script content, you can define it as a comment line, format is: `#\s*name:(.*)$`
 # Add `Run in Shell` menu item in Editor context menu
 # Add script and shell key binding. Change `Shell` to `External Tool`
 # Change `Find in Files` dialog to panel
 # Using meide module to create Preference dialog
 # Add an option to control if show the docstring in class browser window.
 # Don't create a tmp file again, directly save the file
 # Improve Find in Files process with thread
 # Add some config.ini options support in Preference Dialog
 # Refactor `Find & Replace` with pane, but not dialog
 # Made `Open Command Here` work in Linux
 # Add dropfile plugin. thanks Tyberius Prime. Now you can drop files on toolbar, then `UliPad` will open it. Just like drop files on Directory Browser window.
 # Add new custom lexer class and refactor related lexer process
 # Upgrade `FlatNotebook.py` to lastest version, thanks to swordsp
 # Improve default identifiers process, add type judgement
 # Add pylint plugin

Bug fix:

 # Fix print bug, add print line number functionality
 # Fix snippet template indent bug(when using tab mode, the '\t' in template will be replaced with spaces). And you can press Alt+Q to cancel current snippet.
 # Fix press Ctrl+B jump position is not correct bug.
 # Fix that when you change the file type, the icon in directory and dynamic menu don't change bug
 # Fix line number margin width, and find back End-of-line Marker menu
 # Fix adding empty directory error
 # Fix open un-exists file will popup two message dialog bug
 # Fix line end mix checking bug also including twice prompt dialog bug
 # Fix webbrowser bug. Thanks Tom Eubank
 # Fix message console postion bug, thanks for swordsp

= 3.7 Version 2007/08/19 =

New Features and Changes:

 # Add PEP8 sytle checking
 # Enhance calltip showing
 # Add a new option in Preference, which is used for when you toggle comment lines(Ctrl+/ or Ctrl+\) if it'll popup a comment dialog. You can find it in Preference->Document->Show comment character dialog when adding comment.
 # Saving auto todo window status
 # Changing shortcut of quote dialog from Ctrl+Q to Ctrl+'
 # Changing the number of recent files to 20
 # Changing shortcut Ctrl+Alt+L to Alt+Z, Ctrl+Alt+B to Alt+X
 # Saving the status of Message window word wrap
 # Saving the snippets window position
 # The results of find in files can only show the filenames and you can copy them to clipboard
 # Add Spanish language translation and Traditional Chinese language translation
 # Using ZestyParser Module to parse the source code syntax
 # Improving input assistant functionality
 # Adding config.txt documentation
 # When saving files, automatically adding accordingly filename suffix
 # Adding mixin reload mechanism, it will be very useful when developing
 # Adding folder sort functionality when adding new folder to directory browser window
 # Adding template in input assistant, and you can press TAB key to jump to the next field. The template just like: ${1:something}.
 # Adding LUA syntax support
 # Adding mako(template module) support plugin
 # Adding batch filenames rename plugin
 # Enable ftp window be openned left or bottom pane according to the openning position
 # Adding Alt+R shortcut for open recently files
 # Merging new 1.20 version winpdb to ulipad


Bug fix:

 # Fix ctag support bug
 # Fix default style bug
 # Fix the wrong cursor jumping after undo operating
 # Fix xml lexer type bug
 # Fix copying bug when the text block has no indent
 # Fix openning multi-view bug from menu items
 # Fix the input focus losing bug when openning bottom pane or double-click on directory browser entries
 # Fix user can open multi find dialogs bug
 # Fix register functionality in windows