#labels Featured
There are a couple of free programs that make this extremely easy. Windows users should get TortoiseSVN http://tortoisesvn.tigris.org/. Others should get RapidSVN http://rapidsvn.tigris.org/. And there is also pysvn-workbench http://pysvn.tigris.org/docs/WorkBench.html written by python.

This FAQ will explain the use of TortoiseSVN.

Once TortoiseSVN has been installed:

If you have yet to install Ulipad, create a new, empty folder for it.

The following apply whether you have yet to install Ulipad, or are updating it with TortoiseSVN for the first time:

   # Right-click within your Ulipad folder to show the context menu.
   # Note the two menu entries, SVN Checkout, and TortoiseSVN.
   # Click on SVN Checkout. This will call TortoiseSVN.
   # Enter http://ulipad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ in the "URL of repository" box.
   # The Checkout directory should already show the folder you created for Ulipad, for example, C:\Program Files\Ulipad.
   # Do not check "Only check out the top folder" or "Omit externals".
   # Select the "HEAD revision" radio button. This will ensure you get the latest revision. (Should you want an earlier revision for some reason, select the "Revision" button and enter the revision number)
   # Click OK. The download will begin. When finished, you're ready to use Ulipad! 

The second and subsequent times you update Ulipad using TortoiseSVN:

   # Right-click within your Ulipad folder to show the context menu.
   # Click on SVN Update and leave the rest to TortoiseSVN! 

Hints:

   # Before updating, you may want to backup your Ulipad folder.
   # Always make a note of the number of latest revision you have.
   # http://ulipad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ will show the number of the latest revision available. Or using svn update to see the lastest revision.
   # Keep up-to-date by subscribing to the Ulipad mailing list at http://groups.google.com/group/ulipad.